c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Bot Application.dll.config
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Bot Application.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Bot Application.pdb
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Chronic.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Autofac.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Common.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Emotion.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.xml
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Autofac.xml
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.xml
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\ar\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\cs\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\de-dE\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\en\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\es\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\fa\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\fr\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\ja\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\ru\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\zh-hans\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\obj\Release\MyBot.csproj.App.config
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\obj\Release\Bot Application.dll
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\obj\Release\Bot Application.pdb
c:\users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\obj\Release\MyBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\saibi\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Face.dll
C:\Users\saibi\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Vision.dll
C:\Users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\saibi\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MyBot\MyBot\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
